Migrate cljfmt 0.16.0 (#3048)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Formatter has been updated to cljfmt 0.16.0 with support for current Clojure syntax

>   - The `:align-associative?` option continues to work as before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `:align-associative?` option is now legacy, but support for it is retained
```

I am just guessing that there will be some differences in the alignment, so better avoid language that indicates nothing will change.
